d1: fix minor typo (#9000)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/d1/platform/pricing.md

# Pricing

{{<Aside type="note">}}

> **D1 is currently free to use** ([read our recent announcement](https://blog.cloudflare.com/d1-turning-it-up-to-11/)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While in public Alpha, D1 is currently free to use on all [Workers plans](/workers/platform/pricing/#workers). Refer to the [our recent announcement](https://blog.cloudflare.com/d1-turning-it-up-to-11/)) for more information.
```
Not unique to D1 but we should make clear 1) what stage D1 is in to reflect the rest of the content in the docs (specifically landing page in this case) (https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/platform/betas/) 2) for products that require Workers, make it clear that developer platform product users should refer to Workers plans to understand how they are categorized.

* What happens if I exceed the daily limits on reads & writes, or the total storage limit, on the free tier?

{{<Aside type="note">}}
Note: These free limits are not currently enforced during the open alpha.
{{</Aside>}}

When your account hits the daily read and/or write limits, you will not be able to issue queries against D1. The D1 API will return errors to your client indicating that your daily limits have been exceeded. Once you have reached your included storage limit, you will need to delete unused databases or clean up stale data before you can insert new data, create or alter tables or create indexes and triggers.

Upgrading to the Paid plan will remove these limits, typically within minutes.

* What happens if I exceed the monthly included reads, writes and/or storage on the paid tier?

{{<Aside type="note">}}
Note: Billing is not currently enabled during the alpha.
{{</Aside>}}

You will be billed for the additional reads, writes and storage according to [D1's pricing metrics](#billing-metrics).

* When will D1 start billing me?

> For [Workers paid tier](/workers/platform/pricing/#workers) users, we intend to start billing for additional usage beyond the included reads, writes and storage by (no earlier than) September 2023. We will notify all customers via email (the super administrator address on their account) prior to this change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For [Workers Paid tier](/workers/platform/pricing/#workers) users, we intend to start billing for additional usage beyond the included reads, writes and storage by (no earlier than) September 2023. We will notify all customers via email (the super administrator address on their account) prior to this change.
```
